Sentences split on lnewlines (#177)
aphp/edsnlp: changelog.md

# Changelog

## Pending

### Added
- `split_on_newlines` parameter to the `sentences` pipeline.

### Fixed

> - `sentences` issue with punctiation followed by a digit.

Author: ```suggestion
- `eds.sentences` issue with punctuation followed by a digit.
```
